"Thanks to the Interstate Highway System, it is now possible to travel from coast to coast without seeing anything." -Charles Kuralt
"The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page." ~St. Augustine
"The traveler sees what he sees.  The tourist sees what he has come to see." ~G.K. Chesterton
"For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"Travel is more than the seeing of sights; it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living." –Miriam Beard
"Stop worrying about the potholes in the road and enjoy the journey." -Babs Hoffman
"If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness, and fears." - Glenn Clark
"Through travel I first became aware of the outside world; it was through travel that I found my own introspective way into becoming a part of it." - Eudora Welty
"The rewards of the journey far outweigh the risk of leaving the harbor." - Unknown
"The most important trip you may take in life is meeting people halfway." - Henry Boye
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." - Confucius
"I love to travel, But hate to arrive" - Albert Einstein
"It is good to have an end to journey towards, but it is the journey that matters in the end." - Ursula K. LeGuin
"Our Nature lies in movement; complete calm is death." -Pascal, Pensses
"All the pathos and irony of leaving one's youth behind is thus implicit in every joyous moment of travel: one knows that the first joy can never be recovered, and the wise traveler learns not to repeat successes but tries new places all the time." -Paul Fussell
"We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open." -Jawaharlal Nehru
"If you want to build a ship, don't drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea." -Antoine de St. Exupery
"A way of certifying experience, taking photographs is also a way of refusing it—by limiting experience to a search for the photogenic, by converting experience into an image, a souvenir. Travel becomes a strategy for accumulating photographs." -Susan Sontag
"A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral." -Antoine de St. Exupery
"Roads are made for horses and men of business. I do not travel in them much." -Henry David Thoreau 